docs: move update notes into dedicated changelog and migration pages (#1060)
eduMFA/eduMFA: doc/changelog.rst

.. _release_changelog:

Changelog
=========

This page tracks notable release highlights for eduMFA.
For version-to-version upgrade steps, see :ref:`migration_guides`.

eduMFA 2.9.0
------------

.. warning::
   This release drops support for Python 3.9. Upgrade your runtime to Python
   3.10 or newer before updating to this release.

.. warning::
   eduMFA 3.0.0 is expected to remove multiple features. The current work in
   progress tracking issue is `#875 <https://github.com/eduMFA/eduMFA/issues/875>`_.

Highlights
~~~~~~~~~~

- Added support for Python 3.14.
- Added token creation timestamps.
- Added a policy to enforce TOTP timeshift settings.
- Added configurable timeouts for Firebase requests.
- Added environment-variable-based container configuration.
- Re-introduced the version number in the web UI footer.
- Dropped support for Python 3.9.

> `Full changelog for 2.9.0 <https://github.com/eduMFA/eduMFA/compare/v2.8.0...v2.9.0>`_.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See
`full changelog for 2.9.0 <https://github.com/eduMFA/eduMFA/blob/eb8e5140ca0b29f206cbf8ada8cba3cfec31523a/READ_BEFORE_UPDATE.md#edumfa-290>`_
and `commit history <https://github.com/eduMFA/eduMFA/compare/v2.8.0...v2.9.0>`_.
```

.. _release_changelog:

Changelog
=========

This page tracks notable release highlights for eduMFA.
For version-to-version upgrade steps, see :ref:`migration_guides`.

.. caution::

>    Due to new fields in `edumfa.cfg`, upgrading via Ubuntu packages causes apt to prompt you to replace it. Replacing it will remove secrets from your current configuration, so keep your existing file and add only the new fields manually.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Due to new fields in ``edumfa.cfg``, upgrading via Ubuntu packages can cause apt to prompt you to replace it. Replacing it will remove secrets from your current configuration, so keep your existing file and add only the new fields manually.

   This is tracked in `issue #1124 <https://github.com/eduMFA/eduMFA/issues/1124>`_.
```

Since this message is so prominent, I think that it makes sense to show that this is something we'd like to fix (even if I think this is the duty of the sysadmin in theory).
